What do you want to do?
Mr. Chen is so smart, can't he step on it?
Want to take advantage of the fire
Is that right?
I want shares in Lin's Group
Timothy Lam
You will never get a penny from me
You uncle who crossed the river and dismantled the camp
each other
You paid a maid to poison Linmer
Make limmer a lunatic
You are relatives whose blood is thicker than water
It's not me, you don't learn to spray people here
I'm just telling you
It was Lin Mo who disagreed with giving you shares in the Lin Group
You're hooked
You are such a fool
Trying to threaten me
You are not qualified yet
Chen Shixian, you will be punished sooner or later
Don't forget the Lin group surname Lin
Even if it's not mine
It is absolutely impossible for you to belong to Chen Shixian
Uncle Lin won't let you go either